Merge react-kit (#41)
aragon/aragon-react-boilerplate: README.md

React boilerplate for Aragon applications.

> This boilerplate includes a fully working example app, complete with a background worker and a front-end in React (with Aragon UI). Also comes with a DAO Template which will allow for using your app to interact with other Aragon apps like the Voting app. You can read more about DAO Template [here](https://github.com/aragon/hack/blob/master/docs/template-intro.md).

Reviewer: Let's change this link once we've merged that PR and published `hack` again :).

- First start your app's development server running `npm run start:app`, and keep that process running. By default it will rebuild the app and reload the server when changes to the source are made.

> - After that, you can run `npm run start:aragon:http` or `npm run start:aragon:http:template` which will compile your app's contracts, publish the app locally and create a DAO. You will need to stop it and run it again after making changes to your smart contracts.

Reviewer: I think these commands need to be updated

> - After that, you can run `npm run start:aragon:http` or `npm run start:aragon:http:template` which will compile your app's contracts, publish the app locally and create a DAO. You will need to stop it and run it again after making changes to your smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After that, you can run `npm run start:aragon:http` or `npm run start:aragon:http:template` which will compile your app's contracts, publish the app locally and create a DAO with the template. You will need to stop it and run it again after making changes to your smart contracts.
```

Changes to the app's background script (`app/script.js`) cannot be hot-reloaded, after making changes to the script, you will need to either restart the development server (`npm run start:app`) or rebuild the script `npm run build:script`.

### Using IPFS

Running your app using IPFS will mimic the production environment that will be used for running your app. `npm run start:aragon:ipfs` will run your app using IPFS. Whenever a change is made to any file in your front-end, a new version of the app needs to be published, so the command needs to be restarted.

## What's in this boilerplate?

### npm Scripts

- **start** or **start:ipfs**: Runs your app inside a DAO served from IPFS
- **start:http**: Runs your app inside a DAO served with HTTP (hot reloading)
- **start:ipfs:template**: Creates a DAO with the Template and serves the app from IPFS

> - **start:http:template**: Creates a DAO with the Template and serves the app with HTTP (hot reloading)

Reviewer: I'd link to the included template file for these two commands

### Libraries

- [**@aragon/os**](https://github.com/aragon/aragonos): Aragon interfaces
- [**@aragon/api**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/tree/master/packages/aragon-api): Wrapper for Aragon application RPC
- [**@aragon/ui**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-ui): Aragon UI components (in React)

## What you can do with this boilerplate?

### Publish

> You can publish you app on [aragonPM](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/apm). See how in our [publish guide](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-publish).

Reviewer: I'd just leave a note here saying that the template will not be published.

### Using a different Ethereum account

> You can use a different account to interact with you app. [Check the documentatio](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-faq#set-a-private-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a different account to interact with you app. [Check the documentation](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-faq#set-a-private-key).
```

### Propagate content

> You can propagate the content of your app on IPFS. Learn more in our [troubleshooting guide](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-faq#propagating-your-content-hash-through-ipfs). Or use the new `ipfs propagate` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can propagate the content of your app on IPFS. Learn more in our [troubleshooting guide](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-faq#propagating-your-content-hash-through-ipfs) or use the `aragon ipfs propagate` command:
```

```
npx aragon ipfs propagate <cid>
```

> Where `cid` is your content id hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `cid` is your content id hash (this will be displayed after publishing).
```

### Libraries

- [**@aragon/os**](https://github.com/aragon/aragonos): Aragon interfaces
- [**@aragon/api**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon.js/tree/master/packages/aragon-api): Wrapper for Aragon application RPC
- [**@aragon/ui**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-ui): Aragon UI components (in React)

## What you can do with this boilerplate?

### Publish

> You can publish you app on [aragonPM](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/apm). View how to do it our [publish guide](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-publish)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can publish you app on [aragonPM](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/apm). See how in our [publish guide](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/guides-publish).
```
